He will probably be one more match in the second race
I very exciting his name but when we start with
we still have 0 sam year 10 you get but when the first half comes am happy
that you can get the super farmers lead and yes it was nice to have it
was a difficult start for us
the first half, certainly the first twenty minutes of waregem me played well
football something with half what is that
we were very hungry
but still mark rutte in the form
and just there she was still motivated
in the plow content
then just with a head start to the dressing room
0 2
in the end 0 3
and then in 3
2 3 and then it was still exciting
and where I had a little seasickness
that we can play or lose cincinnati again
but once started and it does very well for us for the team of the
supporters for everyone
in the water that is called itself
also borrow less that requires short which diesel to plant making it whole
yes that is that I am indeed indeed short in the eleventh game already
played
because that is different so you also lose or tie differently
so I thought the team performed well today even though it wasn't one of them
our best competitions
but have shown that your mentality have character and that became
nevertheless touched that we can win
first goal was with a copy of which initially against tomorrow
to lure
yes i found that in this one too
I am very happy with these products of course
but I also got the no content with the win that we
have achieved today because it sure nos
and for the next week also gives us proposals too
he said then the team came to the 30 celebration that there is a lot in mosul and
one tenth percent
Yes indeed
micro all came together to say hello everything broke
yet Groningen concerts if you already have that then a month after
like pauli
the share from behind city that if allowed then made it
raw material to Schiphol
and we did very well today to show that they are theirs
mentality and character
the supporters were more able to sanderock behind the team but also one
nice to be able to celebrate him afterwards
of course she did not expect that is what we see today
I thought maybe a somewhat vague talman
but that was much more
and then the victory was well under control
We show and that we could celebrate more and of course that it was about one
in the stands
who won the name
it anyway a man from the stands yes of course always stays around the cios
The fastest thing to keep is that he could take the team out of the team or
continues to play vantomme
In May, beach day remember that they still have the cabin with these products
a fair price per type sees a perspective in this competition
loss
yes I hope so, but we should not be too fast now
how should we stay on CD and stay on the ground two feet on the ground
and hope that next week they also have a good club if the performance comes down to you
and you can win
And then there was a future that only has one game per game
see
more 50 percent